Extra annotation for gRPC clients/stubs integration with spring context (#580)
yidongnan/grpc-spring-boot-starter: docs/en/client/getting-started.md

  The annotation that marks fields and setters for auto injection of clients.
  Supports `Channel`s, and all kinds of `Stub`s.
  Do not use `@GrpcClient` in conjunction with `@Autowired` or `@Inject`.
  Currently, it isn't supported for constructor and `@Bean` method parameters. For this case look below
  to the``@GrpcClientBean``. \
  **Note:** Services provided by the same application can only be accessed/called in/after the
  `ApplicationStartedEvent`. Stubs connecting to services outside of the application can be used earlier; starting with
  `@PostConstruct` / `InitializingBean#afterPropertiesSet()`.
- [`@GrpcClientBean`](https://javadoc.io/page/net.devh/grpc-client-spring-boot-autoconfigure/latest/net/devh/boot/grpc/client/inject/GrpcClientBean.html):

>   The annotation should help with registration `@GrpcClient` to the spring context for usage with `@Autowire` and
>   `@Qualifier`, required annotation `@Configuration`. Also, this annotation is repeatable using `@GrpcClientBeans`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The annotation helps to register `@GrpcClient` beans in the Spring context to be used with `@Autowired` and
  `@Qualifier`. The annotation can be repeatedly added to any of your `@Configuration` classes.
```

  The annotation that marks fields and setters for auto injection of clients.
  Supports `Channel`s, and all kinds of `Stub`s.
  Do not use `@GrpcClient` in conjunction with `@Autowired` or `@Inject`.
  Currently, it isn't supported for constructor and `@Bean` method parameters. For this case look below
  to the``@GrpcClientBean``. \
  **Note:** Services provided by the same application can only be accessed/called in/after the
  `ApplicationStartedEvent`. Stubs connecting to services outside of the application can be used earlier; starting with
  `@PostConstruct` / `InitializingBean#afterPropertiesSet()`.
- [`@GrpcClientBean`](https://javadoc.io/page/net.devh/grpc-client-spring-boot-autoconfigure/latest/net/devh/boot/grpc/client/inject/GrpcClientBean.html):
  The annotation should help with registration ``@GrpcClient`` to the spring context for usage with ``@Autowire`` and

>   ``@Qualifier``, required annotation ``@Configuration`` or inherited, for example ``@TestConfiguration``.

Reviewer: IMO there is no need to mention inherited `@Configuration`s (e.g. `@TestConfiguration`), as I assume that it matches the expectation. (Both here and above)

Author: Removed in both files

- [`@GrpcClientBeans`](https://javadoc.io/page/net.devh/grpc-client-spring-boot-autoconfigure/latest/net/devh/boot/grpc/client/inject/GrpcClientBeans.html):

>   The annotation should help with multiple registration ``@GrpcClient`` to the spring context.

Reviewer: This section is unneccessary, just mention that the `@GrpcClientBean` is repeatable.

Author: Removed

    public String receiveGreeting(String name) {
        HelloRequest request = HelloRequest.newBuilder()
                .setName(name)
                .build();
        return myServiceStub.sayHello(request).getMessage();
    }

}
````

Also you can feel free to inject stub with ``@GrpcClientBean`` with ``@Configuration`` for more wide usage in
another services.

> **Note:** It is definitely not recommended using ``@GrpcClientBean`` and field annotated with ``@GrpcClient`` like in

> > the first example for same configuration class, but it`s still possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the previous example for same configuration class, but it`s still possible.
```

Author: Done
